13 things are about to get really
interesting our next guest probably did
not make a lot of friends on the force
after their hit comedy super troopers
tickler discriminating audiences at the
Sundance Film Festival have discovered
one of the most shocking unflinching eye
opening films about cops ever made guys
in the world teeth
Sheron Sheron want you to know we went
big on the budget and good I have a
question yeah what the heck is a broken
lizard it is a euphemism for a night
gone bad and a Tijuana whorehouse I have
heard the opposite took place
troopers love you guys like you guys
have to stop that take pictures with the
entire force wherever you hear yes
that's absolutely he recently got pulled
over and got out of a ticket yeah I was
going 120 miles an hour we're on the
five and an officer wrecking everything
he pulled me over and he looked at me
said mister do you have any idea how
super troopers wow yeah yeah we put it
on our facebook page that you guys were
gonna be on the show and got some
questions from viewers did you guys ever
wear your Highway Patrol off the outfits
and mess with people or any other
outfits from your other movie yeah
actually when we shot the movie it was
so low budget we would have to drive the
police cars back to the garage after
we're done shooting that day and so we
would wear our uniforms and drive the
cars back and you know if once while you
might flick the lights on yeah maybe you
know pull somebody over a little bit
let's keep going yeah extremely
attractive women you like this there's
some sort of violation going on we
played beer pong in our show yesterday
and coincidentally the last time I
played beer pong was with you guys for
beer fest do you have any idea how many
people you inducted inducted into the
beer pong cult because of that movie now
I think it's about 17 million
give or take yeah it's a good way to
promote a movie though oh sure playing a
little beer pong so do you have to do
deep deep deep research for a movie like
that fast you have to go into cover oh
yeah well Robert De Niro would so
Michael says not really question but
more of a statement I always considered
grabbing a brand new bottle of Aunt
Jemima syrup and chugging it I think
eating a spoonful of cinnamon just
sounds better
again you just throw that out there what
is that from Super Troopers we chug
maple syrup as a way to keep ourselves
amused I do wherever the camera is I do
not recommend it it will tear you apart
inside we visit a great rush is it a
nice little high for a minute yeah in a
fetal position like in about freeloaders
like I loved this idea from the get-go
in it it's done right it's it's out yeah
it's uh we finished shooting it we
reproduced it with adam duritz the guy
from Counting Crows sir yes I know it's
about some guys that crash into
rockstars mansion yeah okay so he's the
rock star and so yeah so we finished
that and we helped produce it and know
we have kind of a smaller parts in it
and it's done and I think it's coming
out I don't know sometimes a spring nice
I think so yeah so it's broken lizard is
that an improv comedy thing or is it
what is it what your visit to describe
is what you guys don't we started off as
a sketch comedians okay in college we
put a sketch comedy group together and
then we brought the show to New York
City and there we just started making
films we raised the money for our first
movie public cruiser and then from there
we got the money to make yeah Club dread
which led to beer fest right and then
the slammin salmon yeah Wow you're right
all two words are you gonna expand go to
a three word now
how did you meet him we were the same
fraternity actually yeah and it actually
you know it was like hey hey well
actually he wanted drink first let's
make a movie about it yeah I stole
Kevin's coat I was here below him and I
was a freshman and I and I found his
coat at a fraternity party and and stole
it and wore it to go back to my dorm and
then I was so stupid that about two
weeks later I brought it back to the
same place where I had stolen that and
he found the coat with my student ID who
is this guy we are Beta Theta Pi and the
whole troop came from Beta Theta Phi
everybody yeah yep we all we all in the
same fraternity together yeah you guys
probably through a really good party
it's mirror artis yeah yeah yeah last
question from our Facebookers here this
morning to Col Smith Mac will you marry
me oh well that depends on what kind of
person you are love know you can see
these guys we have all that info kevin
heffernan and Steve Flemmi are playing
tonight tomorrow night 810 at the
punchline 2100 Arden Way at Arden and
how they're for tickets and more info
here's the phone number nine one six
nine two five 5500 that's a fun Club to
see a show you guys gonna hang out for a
while
sure yeah all right you have a free ride
to completely ruin the number one
morning show in Northern California yeah
sure why not show me exactly six this
morning hey Kourt Hey